Imperial court Yuan Buddhist leader Jin Wuqi
Captured five people from Jinling Sect
Only to win the four financial items of Jinling Sect
Cultivate the Great Merit of the World
Old thing, your people are dead
Say where is what I want
Both ruthless and now make the takeoff pool angry
You have a bad heart
Countless ways to kill in a lifetime
Even if you get Daojin, you can't be a real dragon
I don't love you
The leader found the hottest residents in the northwest
The purpose of four years
The elves should chase after them
My senior brother
Junior sister, I can't run with my hands
So boring, you and the two senior brothers go first
After finding the genie
Not a single remnant of the elves remains
They were injured
Can't run very far
Search for me no
I can't offend senior brother, let's go
Junior sister listens to what the master says
You have to work hard.
Brother, you must protect the elves
Then I will find you with this.
What are you going to do?
I'll distract them
Brother take care
Junior Sister Junior Sister
I'm here, over there.
that
Little sister, why are you alone?
What about the other cubs?
You'll never find them.
Humph
Don't say call me
I can't let my sister's beauty fall
Little things carry it for me
OK